V Cube Software: Shankar started them over 2 min.
Uma Shankar: Question and you go.
Uma Shankar: We're going to be.
Uma Shankar: thanks to you guys. Evening.
Uma Shankar: not the inaugural.
Uma Shankar: Everybody logging.
V Cube Software: Morning. Good morning. Ekra.
V Cube Software: Okay?
Uma Shankar: Yes. Hello. Yes.
Uma Shankar: Hello. Motion Group. Yes. Hello.
Uma Shankar: Yes. So
V Cube Software: okay. Voice. Rather sorry. Okay.
V Cube Software: So I'm going to terminate my instance. First admit. Instance.
V Cube Software: launch. One more instance.
V Cube Software: It's called Pet shop on a project pet shop. Just come down. click on open to come down.
V Cube Software: create new keeper, keeper, name is
V Cube Software: pro
V Cube Software: shop role. Come down. create new key pair. Come down.
V Cube Software: launch, instance, from T to large T to X large.
Uma Shankar: Is it fine now. Yes, yes.
V Cube Software: is it visible now?
Uma Shankar: Yes.
Uma Shankar: okay.
V Cube Software: just. I'm going to take the T 2 x large.
V Cube Software: 1, 2
V Cube Software: instance type.
V Cube Software: They do.
V Cube Software: Thanks. Lodge
V Cube Software: T. 2 X large keypair
V Cube Software: picture pro and just come down
V Cube Software: advance locally in the user data
V Cube Software: already served as Beta
V Cube Software: Jenkins.
V Cube Software: So Jenkins.
V Cube Software: petrol
V Cube Software: networking for Security Security group
V Cube Software: edit in control rules. Add room custom. Dcp. Portrange 8 0 8 0. Sorry all traffic in Cheshire. No sorry
V Cube Software: us all graphic
V Cube Software: and 0 just come down up line thing.
V Cube Software: Okay. Now just go back.
V Cube Software: Yes, we can do that. Yes.
V Cube Software: okay, no. Fee.
V Cube Software: I have a public IP, I'm going to come here and just paste it here and say, 8 0 8 0, and then enter.
V Cube Software: Wait for a couple minutes.
V Cube Software: Okay, sorry. I forgot to add one command here, so let me terminate once I should add one command in this
V Cube Software: I'm going to show you once again. It's my bad
V Cube Software: launch, instance.
V Cube Software: Launch, instance. petrol
V Cube Software: shop. Come down uber, do
V Cube Software: create new key pair. So the key pair is already there. Just go with the is a picture. Just come up.
V Cube Software: Select this.
V Cube Software: come down
V Cube Software: d. 2 x large. Sorry d. 2 x large.
V Cube Software: D. 2 large d. 2 x large
V Cube Software: text slabs and then create new key pair. and then just come down.
V Cube Software: Traditionals.
V Cube Software: Okay. the same script. But if you see here copy
V Cube Software: script here, you already know what it is. But only one thing you need to add here. Before going to this, you should say, pseudo hyphen, i
V Cube Software: sudo hyphen I, and then launch. Instance what this launch instance.
V Cube Software: whenever we launch instance, go to the pet shop.
V Cube Software: go to security.
V Cube Software: go to security groups.
V Cube Software: edit inbound rules. Add rule. Tcp. all traffic
V Cube Software: save rules. Now immediately. Go back, go back. Go back.
V Cube Software: Copy this IP, come here.
V Cube Software: paste it here. 8, 0 8 0.
V Cube Software: It takes some time, I guess. Just wait for 1 min.
V Cube Software: Wait for a couple minutes.
V Cube Software: Okay, let us log into this. Unfortunately, something happened. Let us log into this
V Cube Software: visuality. It should come
V Cube Software: connected here.
V Cube Software: Hello.
V Cube Software: pseudo hyphenite
V Cube Software: app up update hyphen. Wy
V Cube Software: for Vi.
V Cube Software: JENK. N. And Jenkins not as such.
V Cube Software: So it's copy from here.
V Cube Software: The script, whatever you have
V Cube Software: copy.
V Cube Software: insert.
V Cube Software: escape to go on. Wq.
V Cube Software: Ch. MoD. 700 777
V Cube Software: Jenkins dot usage
V Cube Software: dot flash.
V Cube Software: bring in protocols.
V Cube Software: Hello!
V Cube Software: Once you're done with this.
V Cube Software: So next part is to
V Cube Software: still starting.
V Cube Software: Copy this part.
V Cube Software: Please come down.
Gad!
V Cube Software: Paste it!
V Cube Software: What are the plugins we need to install? First
V Cube Software: continue.
V Cube Software: never install.
V Cube Software: I'll come back. I'm just going to rest room and drum back within 1 min.
V Cube Software: It is M. Capital A. DHU. Madhu.
V Cube Software: M. Capital EDHU. Madu at the rate
V Cube Software: 1, 2, 3, 4, the confirmation, M. Capital, A. DH. Madhu
V Cube Software: is rate 1, 2, 3, 4, a full name
V Cube Software: Madhu
V Cube Software: email address.
V Cube Software: And save it.
V Cube Software: Okay.
save information.
V Cube Software: Jenkins. What the plugins we need to install mad at Jenkins.
V Cube Software: Plugins. Available plugins
duty game.
V Cube Software: JDK.
V Cube Software: One. Marvin.
V Cube Software: Moment.
V Cube Software: Normal integration. Marvin, pipeline.
V Cube Software: Float
V Cube Software: and then
V Cube Software: integration, I mean pipeline. Yes, this is fine. Next sonar cube
V Cube Software: install
V Cube Software: available. Okay? Next click for search for
V Cube Software: sonar
V Cube Software: sonar cube scanner. Next.
V Cube Software: look at here. Let's go up.
V Cube Software: Okay.
V Cube Software: Based
V Cube Software: dependency check next
V Cube Software: DOCK. Or docker.
V Cube Software: docker, docker. Come on, docker, Pipeline.
V Cube Software: Doctor Bill and Steph
V Cube Software: always next what we have, Docker plugins. Let's see this.
V Cube Software: So when you come into the docker.
V Cube Software: he need to. He need to install these things.
V Cube Software: Docker, docker, number docker. Api. Okay, all these things like they are
V Cube Software: Docker Api install without restored.
V Cube Software: Come down. come down.
V Cube Software: see this.
V Cube Software: Meanwhile we can go ahead, and meanwhile we can go ahead, and
V Cube Software: Vi. DOCK. Or docker.sh.
V Cube Software: Okay. Now, what I need to do is I want to install Docker by using the
V Cube Software: script. Only
V Cube Software: Docker, by using the script only
V Cube Software: dropped. Update
V Cube Software: close this. I did something wrong.
V Cube Software: Don't say yes. Go to downloads.
V Cube Software: What it is. Yeah.
V Cube Software: Project.
V Cube Software: Just come down.
V Cube Software: Okay. Copy from here
V Cube Software: until here.
V Cube Software: Copy it. Amir
V Cube Software: insert
V Cube Software: paste. It escape shifty. Colon. Wq.
V Cube Software: dot. Okay.
V Cube Software: See here tomorrow.
V Cube Software: docker.sh. sorry.ch. MoD 777
V Cube Software: bob. Put it out as such dot flash docker, Prevost, EK. Here, Docker. flash
V Cube Software: the opera, daughter, search.
V Cube Software: Yes. let's go here.
V Cube Software: Okay, now, Restart.
V Cube Software: Meanwhile install the
V Cube Software: this part here.
V Cube Software: Haste it.
V Cube Software: So, madhu
V Cube Software: 1, 2, 3, 4.
V Cube Software: Okay, now. safe. Restart.
V Cube Software: Let's see if we save
V Cube Software: the STAR. Desktop.
V Cube Software: Now, what you need to do just go here.
And but
V Cube Software: now we need to do lot of things now, what the thing! Click on, manage, Jenkins.
V Cube Software: Click on, manage tools. Sorry. Click on tools, this. Come down. Come down, Aram. Say, come down.
V Cube Software: come down!
V Cube Software: Where is Java? So add Java. Come down. JDK. 17,
V Cube Software: JDK. 17
V Cube Software: automatically installer.
V Cube Software: And then we need to choose this part, which part 17 part.
V Cube Software: and then next go to the mammal part
V Cube Software: art mammal.
V Cube Software: MAV. And Maventry. and just come down. and then Warshel.
V Cube Software: 3.6 point 0 and then come down. We have already installed Docker. Add Docker. We are already come here.
V Cube Software: Name Docker, DOCK. Or docker
V Cube Software: automatically install
V Cube Software: latest.
V Cube Software: latest. Yes, little bit go up dependency check. So the name of the dependency check is capital. Dp hyphen.
V Cube Software: See, Hedgesi, get check capital DP. Capital B, small peak dependency check install install from Gitbes.
V Cube Software: So it is 5.6 6.5 9 0 is fine.
V Cube Software: 6.5 point
V Cube Software: one month
V Cube Software: it's come little bit, come down this part is
V Cube Software: fine for us and then appliances.
V Cube Software: So next we need to have we also, or we already have a phone r queue. So we need to configure the phone Rq as well. So come to system
V Cube Software: before coming to the system. We need to do one thing. Copy this public. IP.
V Cube Software: Copy is public. IP, come here.
V Cube Software: basic here. Poland, 9,000.
V Cube Software: Admin.
V Cube Software: Admin login.
V Cube Software: Okay.
V Cube Software: admin.
V Cube Software: Admin 1, 2,
V Cube Software: confirm password, admin. Want to update
V Cube Software: once you have updated this click on never
V Cube Software: and then click on administrator. Sorry here there is administrator admin setup. Here there is a security here. There is a user's. here, there is a token.
V Cube Software: bewabs
V Cube Software: no expiration, generate token.
V Cube Software: copy the token. Come here. go to dashboard. My name, Jenkins.
V Cube Software: you are going to create a credential. So credentials
V Cube Software: is it the password or secret text.
V Cube Software: global, credential?
V Cube Software: Add that credential. So we have username and password, secret file, secret text. This is secret text or a file.
V Cube Software: and much in secret text together. click on secret text
V Cube Software: paste. The secret text. This is
V Cube Software: SO, and your phone or hyphen be okay and token
V Cube Software: is this. SONE. R. Sonar iphone.
V Cube Software: you will
V Cube Software: okay, create it. So once you create this.
V Cube Software: go to Mayor Jenkins
V Cube Software: system in this system.
V Cube Software: add phone r queue, so name will configure later. But
V Cube Software: bloody
V Cube Software: default local host. So copy this
V Cube Software: copied click on that. Come to system.
V Cube Software: and then please please note, renew this flash. It is not going to work.
Remove the slash.
V Cube Software: sonar token. Now the sonar server.
V Cube Software: SONE. R. 4 hyphen.
V Cube Software: I see. RV. Server. Okay, now apply and save.
V Cube Software: apply and save. Click on. Manage tickets. tools, what? She said. Do you need to configure the tools as well? Just come down. I had thrown up
V Cube Software: okay here
V Cube Software: and then come down
V Cube Software: a blend, save it. Yes.
V Cube Software: okay, come up.
V Cube Software: So click on pipe, on a new item.
V Cube Software: click on pets, I mean, say it as pet shop
V Cube Software: click on build by blank.
V Cube Software: And then, okay.
V Cube Software: so
V Cube Software: BIB, by blank.
V Cube Software: ag ENT. Agent. Any
V Cube Software: next to we are going with the tools. What are the tools.
V Cube Software: So jdk. jdk, 17 maven. Mavan. 3. Look at here.
V Cube Software: Just come down
V Cube Software: forward to do one more thing, which is
V Cube Software: Webberhook.
V Cube Software: So what do we have a group. So whenever there is change, it is immediately going to trick. So, sonar Jenkins.
V Cube Software: you are a Liz. Come this. Yeah. URL, take the yeah URL, and then copy this URL
V Cube Software: for me to come here.
V Cube Software: I'm saying so. Not cute. Ivan rubber hook
V Cube Software: and then create this. So once you create this.
V Cube Software: Now come to this part.
V Cube Software: Okay, good.
V Cube Software: What is jdk, 17 or not? What is mammal?
V Cube Software: 3 or not? Okay. Now, stages clean workspace and Tinto with classmates, and in the clean workspace, anyway. Now come down.
V Cube Software: you know what is set out.
V Cube Software: Check out, and that's good. You know what is compile. You know what is test. So I'm just going to drag this
V Cube Software: going to drag this
V Cube Software: on this here
V Cube Software: copy this. So I'll learn
V Cube Software: Amir
V Cube Software: appliances.
V Cube Software: configure time.
V Cube Software: A plan. Save it
V Cube Software: good enough.
V Cube Software: Cancel out.
V Cube Software: We're pretty
V Cube Software: boomer, friend. Give me 1 s.
Sai: So good morning, Seth.
V Cube Software: I couldn't know. We run Campbell Camp Petrota Esto today.
V Cube Software: So one more stage more.
V Cube Software: So you'll opening like a volume. They create chest, and when they they need space and equipment.
V Cube Software: So what I'm going to do is just come here. I'm going to create a volume here
V Cube Software: before going to create a volume. I need to check. Okay, one yellow great check for the volume product. So create a volume which is 20 Gb. Volume
V Cube Software: 23 volume.
V Cube Software: and create a volume. So once I created a volume. Yes.
V Cube Software: once I created a volume, it should be available to attach this
V Cube Software: available. So go here.
V Cube Software: Come here. attach volume.
V Cube Software: see the instance. Bed shop running.
V Cube Software: Come down
V Cube Software: and then attach volume.
V Cube Software: Okay, let it be
V Cube Software: go here. Say.
V Cube Software: SLPL. Kit. So 20 Gb. Volume.
V Cube Software: Yes.
V Cube Software: it is attached, but not come into the picture. Get it all, I think for this we need to do few things.
V Cube Software: What are those
Virginia
V Cube Software: to check, whether you have file system or not? File high finance.
V Cube Software: slash, dev
V Cube Software: slash XV. Of XVDF. So let's say, enter
V Cube Software: so no file system, illa file system, and except for all raw value to create a file system. MK make Fs make the aff and and make Fs file system. So once the file system hyphen B,
V Cube Software: so X Fs is a file system.
V Cube Software: slash, dev slash, XVDF.
V Cube Software: Enter
V Cube Software: now to check whether we have a file system or not. Up arrow
V Cube Software: a better.
V Cube Software: We have a file system now
V Cube Software: and then when they're allowed to make class definition of data.
V Cube Software: Yes. Now, we need to create a
V Cube Software: Directory folder to mount this file system.
V Cube Software: Dfi fun excellent.
V Cube Software: Df, hyphon hits anand disco, free space
V Cube Software: is already in the 7.6 gp. 2.9. Yes, okay, 8 62 MOUN mount
V Cube Software: flash down slash X Vdf. and then
V Cube Software: Mount Point is root. And
V Cube Software: yes. although little don't.
V Cube Software: Okay. Okay. Df hyphen, h
V Cube Software: okay.
V Cube Software:  df, hyphen hedge.
V Cube Software: DF. 5 SSBL, KSLB. LK.
V Cube Software: Granthami.
V Cube Software: SLVL. K. And a okay operational Avenue.
V Cube Software: Any ideas
V Cube Software: you get a mountain? Yes.
V Cube Software: runs up by calendar. winter by government.
V Cube Software: Yes, very good.
V Cube Software: Now come to the picture, I mean.
V Cube Software: give me a note. Sorry.
V Cube Software: So in the intlock will be didn't look at me. CD slash VR. Slash limb. slash
V Cube Software: Jenkins from the Ls.
V Cube Software: What space country sooner Cdw.
V Cube Software: ORK. Work, SPAC is based on a Ls.
V Cube Software: are you able to see pet shop? Okay, it. Peru.
V Cube Software: we know. Cleaner.
V Cube Software: So be a Typhon. It's okay. Let's go here. Pet shop phone figure
V Cube Software: will not. So in the rooms of no children. Okay. instance, locally. Ellison, what's the name? I mean.
check. Yeah.
V Cube Software: okay? And see the size. Df.
V Cube Software: hyphen pitch
V Cube Software: same place. Yes.
V Cube Software: they clear
V Cube Software: next. Come here.
V Cube Software: Come down.
V Cube Software: Okay, coming here. So let's come little bit down, for I'm going to paste it.
V Cube Software: So next part is.
V Cube Software: So we need to set the sonar group home, sonar, cube, home, and sonar scanaran itchem butuna. Yes, so come down.
V Cube Software: 2, Mr. 2, Mr. Tuesday.
V Cube Software: Tikrita system, locally Manoy town for andoxide
V Cube Software: system tools rendezvous on see Akrain and Miku
V Cube Software: and then, sonar token so yes. Can you get another? Sorry.
V Cube Software: the sonar server, and and this no.
V Cube Software: you will install a sonar scanner in the tool.
V Cube Software: Hi, could you join me?
V Cube Software: Kindergarten web book I pinpoint
V Cube Software: under tool section, enrollment sonar, hundreds for home equal to
V Cube Software: tool scanner. Yes. Copy this
V Cube Software: omegol to tools, Cara
V Cube Software: under tools tool. We need to basis.
V Cube Software: Once you have done with this, the next part
V Cube Software: peace. solar code, gold analysis and called digit. So
V Cube Software: with the sonar cube and environment. Sonarichi environment
V Cube Software: scanner, of whom we call to sonar scanner hyphen d sonar, dot project, name, project, name, project, name. But project is the Java project got the Hypundee Java dot binaries and then project. Yes.
V Cube Software: Principal
V Cube Software: Rachel.
V Cube Software: Okay, but the quality it allows for Leonardo.
V Cube Software: So click on pipeline
V Cube Software: click here, economic sonar and and
V Cube Software: yes, logo to solar and and and this majority.
V Cube Software: Altigatos, owner of fresh
V Cube Software: 40
V Cube Software: gate sonar to be complete to okay, a regression chain.
V Cube Software: click, chess on the token id phone or token. and then generate script, wait for quality, it about false, credential ids for our token.
V Cube Software: wait for quality, grade false.
V Cube Software: And then sonar token. Yes.
V Cube Software: So copy this part.
V Cube Software: Pastor tip
V Cube Software: 5 blend agent, and it tools 32,009, 1, 3.
V Cube Software: Oh, oh, okay, okay, what happened here? What happened?
V Cube Software: Ponzigate?
V Cube Software: Okay. let's see.
V Cube Software: So anybody gets name 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8,
V Cube Software: 9, 1011, 12,
V Cube Software: 1314, 15, 1617, 18,
V Cube Software: okay, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8,
V Cube Software: 91011121314, different, 16,
V Cube Software: 1718.
V Cube Software: Agent. Deny tools. environment
V Cube Software: doesn't let the
V Cube Software: a blanket
V Cube Software: turning on
V Cube Software: Java. Unknown expectation
V Cube Software: page to install.
V Cube Software: In that case
V Cube Software: one figure
V Cube Software: from them. Let us remove this
V Cube Software: workspace and check out. Okay? Why it is
V Cube Software: you go. Richelle. What we need to do is
V Cube Software: click on Bill. Cancel out good. Come down
V Cube Software: joining a remote reporter or zoom altigate script due to okay.
V Cube Software: unable to access, could not resolve Youtube.
V Cube Software: And then
V Cube Software: so
you know.
Sai: Los Angeles.
V Cube Software: that's good.
V Cube Software: Yes.
V Cube Software: come here.
V Cube Software: 19 lens up line, save.
V Cube Software: we'll know.
V Cube Software: So to own this co-ordinating.
V Cube Software: Aren't you good?
V Cube Software: Don't just collect water.
V Cube Software: Lazarga as well.
Sai: Something made a changes in
V Cube Software: 1 s
V Cube Software: on
well.
V Cube Software: you will enemy come in
that
V Cube Software: 1 s unknown commanding Linux.
V Cube Software: Okay, very good. That's fine. Okay.
V Cube Software: so a better, a better, a better.
V Cube Software: So same tell it has on the Mount.
V Cube Software: You won't not unmount you, won't
V Cube Software: you, Montague and me.
V Cube Software: web page before.
V Cube Software: Just wait on it.
V Cube Software: Target is busy.
V Cube Software: Okay. let's see this. Come here, go to actions.
V Cube Software:  The refresh!
V Cube Software: Come here, go to actions. detach! Yes. Do you touch this
V Cube Software: now, what you need to do is come here.
V Cube Software: use this unmount command. You won't comment.
V Cube Software: No Mount Point. Specified target is basic. Yes. Now, what we need to do is
V Cube Software: come to bed shop
V Cube Software: a plan safe and run this.
V Cube Software: It is cloning. Very good we get we achieved. Let's come here.
V Cube Software: I'm here.
V Cube Software: so configure it.
V Cube Software: Configure it. Come down
V Cube Software: here. You need to do all these things
V Cube Software: like
V Cube Software: anyone would think.
V Cube Software: go a little bit up
V Cube Software: fine here.
V Cube Software: copy.
V Cube Software: and then paste it. Next I want to add this, here enter. I want to add the sonar kipart. So just I want to add the first part
V Cube Software: enrollment, variable home, Nicole to scanner.
V Cube Software: Don't add the volume
V Cube Software: paste it.
V Cube Software: Okay, come down.
V Cube Software: apply and save Bill now
V Cube Software: abandoned. So if you were the bandit
V Cube Software: Sunday evening
from there on the web or glass, and
V Cube Software: so success. That's fine. Only until test. It is success. Mali. So now go to configure.
V Cube Software: Come down
V Cube Software: public here.
V Cube Software: Now, Ramsey, copy from in stages, phone or queue analysis.
V Cube Software: You could like, just copy it.
V Cube Software: Okay, clean Tarawada.
V Cube Software: Pick up
V Cube Software: paste
Sai: fuck one little
Sai: 8.
V Cube Software: So wanna give secret text. Yes,
V Cube Software: system locally contrary to local phone or server and tools, local level, phoneme scanaran. Yes.
V Cube Software: come down. apply and save. and then we'll know. So let's see this
V Cube Software: console output
V Cube Software: testing.
V Cube Software: testing. I penalty. That's at this point.
V Cube Software: Testing is still going on
V Cube Software: current test compile.
V Cube Software: So so are you. Passenger and oxygen.
V Cube Software: Hello, zanu.
V Cube Software: portable tenancies.
V Cube Software: Hypothala.
V Cube Software: good quality, good quality. Okay. So next
V Cube Software: the dependency checker database. So dependent.
V Cube Software: Yes, a Plugin installed. Yes.
V Cube Software: dinghy pet shop individually.
V Cube Software: Fun. Figure I mean
V Cube Software: configuration. Umunday, and managing Instagram tools for Gatsa
V Cube Software: boots. Loko, checker
V Cube Software: dependency, checkmatic Jcanery name. dB, check, credential D capital remaining is small. Yes. Apply and say.
V Cube Software: Okay, we could deeply check kindergarten
V Cube Software: configure underway
V Cube Software: pantry, Andaka, can you go Cheshire
V Cube Software: pipeline, syntax. dependency check
V Cube Software: and only dependency publish dependent check results. Yes, and then
V Cube Software: I'll show you this. Come down.
V Cube Software: People need to check so 9 years and and Ccc.
V Cube Software: Xml, and estimate copy.
V Cube Software: and then
V Cube Software: pipeline, syntax, Uchinda
V Cube Software: depend dependency. Xml format and Midi
V Cube Software: Poppy
V Cube Software: copy.
V Cube Software: Anyone who
V Cube Software: interrogate. We'll take that.
V Cube Software: The corona it is for me
V Cube Software: it could have built over only so build where, Napur, it doesn't change. Yesterday.
V Cube Software: junior in your son
V Cube Software: copy.
V Cube Software: Just come here and then
V Cube Software: face this.
V Cube Software: Okay, E. Dpagunda.
V Cube Software: Dpka. Rebuilding sort of the Maven cleanie and nigga bunda maven
V Cube Software: DSEJ. Z. Package
V Cube Software: project.
V Cube Software: project, name, management.
V Cube Software: pet shop. Yes, yes. So on the game. Yes. Now do the dependency check. So
V Cube Software: Dp, second march upland. Save it! And then, Bill, now
one
V Cube Software: California. How long have you?
24 h? Oh, I'm saying
2 days, 2 or 3 days.
I'm saying. Here.
close
a lot of patterns
on that often.
Sai: Hello!
Sai: Why is the button that
you lot are
V Cube Software: privy we use for scanning the image cloud bee we use to automate the I mean
Sai: Hello! Sorry, Github, and no, no not github docker hub!
Sorry wisdom. Wasn't that?
Sai: Hello!
V Cube Software: You're in last stage
V Cube Software: to put this directly. 3 s, 23 M. Milliseconds, 2 34 ms.
V Cube Software: 1 s, 51 s, 33 s, 10 s.
V Cube Software: 2, not 4 ms.
V Cube Software: We'll give 1 min, 14 s, and then this is for taking 1 min, 50 s
V Cube Software: at the yep, but
V Cube Software: and but the dog remains.
V Cube Software: Look at here
V Cube Software: so for this. because I want to go here and check vf. Python. which
V Cube Software: so CD and
V Cube Software: slash bell. So Ashley les
V Cube Software: thinking, Ellis
V Cube Software: Aram Haifan
V Cube Software: positive.
V Cube Software: CD. WOR. Okay. What? Just?
V Cube Software: Yes, yes. And let's type on L.
V Cube Software: 4, 0 9, 6, 4, 0 9 6. So I want to tell it this Rm. Hyphon, rf.
V Cube Software: good job.
V Cube Software: autumn hyphen autumn.
V Cube Software: Let's show. Ls. so.
V Cube Software: But Shepherd's red. and
V Cube Software: so DF. Hyphen edge
V Cube Software: 2.5 zoom
V Cube Software: Workspace, Ls.
V Cube Software: CD, and this
V Cube Software: the
V Cube Software: but test be as usual.
V Cube Software: See this past, Dot, Dot. and let's open them.
V Cube Software: Okay, let's see this pipeline
V Cube Software: dependency check completes that 3 min. That is okay. Come down.
V Cube Software: completed the dependency checker.
V Cube Software: So here is the a report that we got.
V Cube Software: This is how the dependency check works.
V Cube Software: server-side processing success, pet shop success.
V Cube Software: So do refresh.
V Cube Software: Come down now. You are able to see the dependency check. Let us click here
V Cube Software: dependency check result. This is how it works.
V Cube Software: So privy. So what do you do is
V Cube Software: if you want to install TV, I need to go here, and then you need to
V Cube Software: here this first. So how you can clear this. basically. So do refresh
V Cube Software: unless
V Cube Software: puddle hyphen.
V Cube Software: I think I unless
V Cube Software: bf, iphones
V Cube Software: 68%. If I run this job once again, it is going to fill because
V Cube Software: the space won't be enough. So
V Cube Software: for that.
V Cube Software: we need to increase the phone size. Very simple.
V Cube Software: It's very simple. I'll tell you how to do this.
V Cube Software: There is a tree here, this. Come up. come down, come down
V Cube Software: after Jenkins.
V Cube Software: there is inflation of docker, there is inflation of trivia. So install this trivia and follow the
V Cube Software: steps over here.
V Cube Software: Same steps. You know these steps.
V Cube Software: yes, and then
V Cube Software: so this is how it looked like the dependence check. Come down. Is this
V Cube Software: dependency check?
V Cube Software: So I'll stop it. Here.
V Cube Software: stop this.